Define filtering operation (#98)
krlmlr/dm: vignettes/dm-filtering.Rmd

Currently, this only works if the graph induced by the foreign key relations is cycle free.
Luckily, this is the default for `cdm_nycflights13()`.

Mind that several {dm} functions will refuse to work when unevaluated filter conditions exist, such as for example `cdm_enum_fk_candidates()`, `cdm_enum_pk_candidates()`, `cdm_select_tbl()`, `cdm_rename_tbl()`, `cdm_select()`, `cdm_rename()` and `cdm_nrow()`.
In these cases consider applying the filters with `cdm_apply_filters()` first.

It is also important to mention, that `cdm_get_tables()` will NOT evaluate any filter conditions and will just return the original tables.

### Filtering Examples

Let's see it in action:

**We only want the data that is related with John F. Kennedy International Airport.**

```{r}
filtered_dm <- 
  dm %>%
  cdm_filter(airports, name == "John F Kennedy Intl")
filtered_dm
```

The filter expression is listed in the print output.

You can get the numbers of rows of each table with `cdm_nrow()`. 
Before doing this, you need to apply the filters using `cdm_apply_filters()`:

```{r}
rows_per_table <- 
  filtered_dm %>% 
  cdm_apply_filters() %>% 
  cdm_nrow()
rows_per_table
sum(rows_per_table)
```

> The total number of rows drops from  367 687 to 138 786 (the only unaffected table is the disconnected `weather` table).

Reviewer: Is it too risky to compute the number automatically?

```suggestion
The total number of rows drops from `r nrow(dm$flights)` to `r cdm_nrow[["flights"]]` (the only unaffected table is the disconnected `weather` table).
```
